Add note about supported Terraform provider versions to SLO Alerting Docs (#8071)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/service_level_objectives/error_budget.md

In addition, SLO error budget monitors can also be created using the [datadog_monitor resource in Terraform][5]. Below is an example `.tf` for configuring an error budget monitor for a metric-based SLO using the same example query as above.

> **Note:** SLO error budget monitors are currently only supported in v2.7.0 or earlier of the provider. Support for v2.8.0 and later will be coming at a later date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** SLO error budget monitors are only supported in Terraform provider v2.7.0 or earlier.
```

as a policy, we try not to "promise" future support in documentation
